First, Joe must investigate the situation with the gowns.
Was there an increase in the use of gowns?
Would the levels need to be increased to reflect this?
If there was no increase in usage,
could the gowns be placed in a different location,
and need to be placed in the correct location?
In this example, Joe checked all of the above,
and has verified that there was
an increase in the usage of gowns.
The clinics have hired 10 new staff members
to work in the patient areas.
As a result, Joe has placed an additional order
with his Prime Vendor for the gowns in his depleted stock,
and received them the next day with his Prime Vendor order.
He's also increased his levels to reflect the increase.